animal ears,
beamed eighth notes,
blazer,
bow,
braid,
capelet,
cat tail,
character:aki shizuha,
character:alice margatroid,
character:chen,
character:cirno,
character:daiyousei,
character:ex-keine,
character:flandre scarlet,
character:fujiwara no mokou,
character:hieda no akyuu,
character:himekaidou hatate,
character:hinanawi tenshi,
character:hong meiling,
character:hoshiguma yuugi,
character:houraisan kaguya,
character:ibaraki kasen,
character:ibuki suika,
character:imaizumi kagerou,
character:inaba tewi,
character:inubashiri momiji,
character:izayoi sakuya,
character:kagiyama hina,
character:kaku seiga,
character:kamishirasawa keine,
character:kasodani kyouko,
character:kawashiro nitori,
character:kazami yuuka,
character:kirisame marisa,
character:kishin sagume,
character:koakuma,
character:kochiya sanae,
character:komeiji koishi,
character:komeiji satori,
character:konpaku youmu,
character:letty whiterock,
character:maribel hearn,
character:matara okina,
character:medicine melancholy,
character:merlin prismriver,
character:miyako yoshika,
character:mizuhashi parsee,
character:mononobe no futo,
character:morichika rinnosuke,
character:mystia lorelei,
character:nagae iku,
character:onozuka komachi,
character:patchouli knowledge,
character:reisen udongein inaba,
character:remilia scarlet,
character:rumia,
character:saigyouji yuyuko,
character:shameimaru aya,
character:shanghai doll,
character:shiki eiki,
character:soga no tojiko,
character:tatara kogasa,
character:tokiko (touhou),
character:toyosatomimi no miko,
character:usami renko,
character:usami sumireko,
character:watatsuki no toyohime,
character:watatsuki no yorihime,
character:wriggle nightbug,
character:yagokoro eirin,
character:yakumo ran,
character:yakumo yukari,
character:yasaka kanako,
character:yumeko (touhou),
clothes writing,
cross,
detached sleeves,
dress,
eighth note,
everyone,
flower,
frills,
hair bow,
hair ornament,
hair ribbon,
hair rings,
hairband,
hat,
hat ribbon,
head wings,
heart,
horns,
jacket,
japanese clothes,
karakasa obake,
kimono,
knife,
laevatein (touhou),
long hair,
long sleeves,
maid,
multiple girls,
multiple tails,
musical note,
neck ribbon,
nurse cap,
obi,
plaid,
puffy short sleeves,
rabbit ears,
rating:safe,
ribbon,
sash,
scythe,
short hair,
short sleeves,
silhouette,
single braid,
sisters,
skirt,
subreddit:imaginaryicons,
sword,
tabard,
tail,
tate eboshi,
third eye,
title:i recreated all of the tokyo olympic pictograms as animals,
twin braids,
two side up,
two tails,
umbrella,
underwear,
uploader:a_lambent_eye,
violin,
wide sleeves,
wings,
witch hat,
wolf ears,
wolf tail,