1 female
1 other
1other
amputee
androgynous
anthropomorphism
artist:matilda vin
bangs
black neckwear
black shirt
black shorts
booru:yande.re
broken
category:ine
character:diamond (houseki no kuni)
clothing:black shorts
clothing:collared shirt
clothing:legwear
clothing:necktie
clothing:puffy short sleeves
clothing:puffy sleeves
clothing:shirt
clothing:short shorts
clothing:short sleeves
clothing:shorts
clothing:uniform
clothing:white shirt
collared shirt
copyright:houseki no kuni
cowboy shot
crack
creator:crack
creator:fiship
creator:matilda fiship
creator:matilda vin
creator:matilda-fiship
diamond
diamond (gemstone)
female
female focus
female only
gem uniform (houseki no kuni)
gender:female
glint
guro
hand up
looking at viewer
medium:absurd resolution
medium:high resolution
medium:large filesize
medium:purple background
medium:very high resolution
meta:absurdres
meta:commentary
meta:english commentary
meta:highres
meta:tagme
multicolored
multicolored eyes
multicolored hair
necktie
parted lips
puffy short sleeves
puffy sleeves
purple background
purple eyes
purple hair
quadruple amputee
rating:mature
rating:questionable
rating:safe
series:houseki no kuni
severed hand
severed limb
shards
shirt
short hair
short shorts
short sleeves
shorts
solo
solo female
stone (personification)
subreddit:imaginaryelementals
subreddit:immonsters
surprised
thigh gap
thighs
title:diamond
title:diamond by matilda fiship
uniform
uploader:lol33ta
white shirt
wing collar