3 females,
3girls,
beige background,
black hair,
black jacket,
bodily fluids,
booru:sankaku,
brown hair,
cardigan,
character:gloria (pokemon),
character:gym leader,
character:marnie (pokemon),
character:mary (pokemon),
character:nessa (pokemon),
character:pepper,
character:pokemon character,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
character:rurina (pokemon),
character:tam o' shanter,
character:yuri (pokemon),
character:yuuri (pokemon),
chili pepper,
clothing:black jacket,
clothing:jacket,
creator:gogalking,
crop top,
curry,
curry rice,
dark skin,
dark skinned female,
dark-skinned female,
eating,
female,
food,
gender:female,
gogalking,
grey cardigan,
guro,
gym leader,
hat,
highres,
jacket,
leaning on person,
long hair,
medium hair,
medium:beige background,
medium:korean language,
medium:simple background,
meta:korean commentary,
multicolored hair,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
pepper,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
rice,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pok√©mon,
simple background,
spicy,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
subreddit:imaginarykanto,
subreddit:imfandoms,
sweat,
table,
tam o' shanter,
tears,
title:spicy curry by gogalking,
two tone hair,
two-tone hair,
uploader:musaibwadkar,