alien,
category:ine,
character:edi (mass effect),
character:garrus vakarian,
character:jack (mass effect),
character:jacob taylor,
character:james vega,
character:javik,
character:jeff moreau,
character:kai leng,
character:kaidan alenko,
character:kasumi goto,
character:krogan,
character:legion (mass effect),
character:liara t'soni,
character:matriarch benezia,
character:miranda lawson,
character:mordin solus,
character:quarian,
character:reaper (mass effect),
character:samantha traynor,
character:samara,
character:saren arterius,
character:steve cortez,
character:tali'zorah vas normandy,
character:thane krios,
character:turian,
character:urdnot wrex,
creator:illusive man,
creator:virak,
cyborg,
drell,
gender:female,
gender:male,
grunt,
jane shepard,
jeff "joker" moreau,
john shepard,
medium:16:9 aspect ratio,
normandy,
planet,
race:quarian,
series:mass effect,
series:mass effect 2,
species:asari,
species:geth,
species:quarian,
subreddit:imaginarymasseffect,
subreddit:imfandoms,
tattoo,
title:mass effect,
title:saga by virak (virak),
uploader:[deleted],
urdnot bakara,
zaeed massani,