1 female,
1girl,
ambiguous_gender,
artist:flyaspring4,
backlighting,
bioluminescence,
biped,
blue,
blue body,
blue glow,
blue theme,
blue_body,
blue_glow,
booru:danbooru,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:e621,
booru:gelbooru,
booru:safebooru,
bottomwear,
bubble,
category:ine,
cave,
character:haruka (pokemon),
character:haruka (pokémon),
character:kyogre,
character:manectric,
character:may (pokemon),
character:may (pokémon),
character:may_(pokémon),
character:pokemon character,
character:primal kyogre,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:hair ribbon,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:shorts,
clothing:tank top,
contrast,
copyright:nintendo,
copyright:pokémon,
creator:flyaspring4,
creatures (company),
crystal,
dark,
detailed_background,
facing each other,
facing_each_other,
fanny pack,
female,
feral,
floating,
footwear,
fully clothed,
fully_clothed,
gen 3 pokemon,
gender:ambiguous,
gender:female,
glowing,
group,
hair ribbon,
indoors,
inside,
legendary pokemon,
light,
lighting,
looking at another,
looking_at_another,
medium:detailed background,
medium:high resolution,
medium:video game,
meta:4:3,
meta:hi_res,
meta:highres,
meta:shaded,
poke ball,
pokemon (creature),
poké ball,
quadruped,
raining,
rating:mature,
rating:safe,
ribbon,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon oras,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon omega ruby & alpha sapphire,
shadow,
shirt,
shoes,
short hair,
shorts,
shorts under shorts,
signature,
silhouette,
size difference,
size_difference,
species:human,
species:kyogre,
species:legendary pokémon,
species:mammal,
species:manectric,
species:monster,
species:pokémon,
species:pokémon_(species),
species:primal kyogre,
species:primal reversion,
species:primal_kyogre,
species:primal_reversion,
species:primate,
standing,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
subreddit:imaginarykanto,
subreddit:imfandoms,
tank top,
tank_top,
title:primal kyogre by ふりゃ,
topwear,
uploader:pkmnart,
video games,
video_games,
yellow body,
yellow glow,
yellow_body,
yellow_glow,