2 others,
2others,
3 females,
3girls,
4 males,
4boys,
arm cannon,
armwear,
artist:quirkilicious,
beard,
black hair,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blue jacket,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
breasts,
brown hair,
buster sword,
cape,
category:ine,
character:aerith gainsborough,
character:aerith_gainsborough,
character:barret wallace,
character:barret_wallace,
character:cait sith,
character:cait sith (ff7),
character:cait sith (ff),
character:cait_sith_(ff),
character:cid highwind,
character:cid_highwind,
character:cloud strife,
character:cloud_strife,
character:red xiii,
character:red_xiii,
character:tifa lockhart,
character:tifa_lockhart,
character:vincent valentine,
character:vincent_valentine,
character:yuffie kisaragi,
character:yuffie_kisaragi,
church,
cleavage,
closed eyes,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:crop top,
clothing:cropped jacket,
clothing:elbow gloves,
clothing:fingerless gloves,
clothing:fishnet,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:headband,
clothing:jacket,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:sleeveless outfit,
clothing:suspenders,
clothing:sweater,
clothing:tank top,
clothing:turtleneck sweater,
copyright:final_fantasy,
copyright:final_fantasy_vii,
copyright:square_enix,
creator:kuroi-tsuki,
creator:quirkilicious,
creator:quirkilicious (kuroi-tsuki),
crop top,
cropped jacket,
crown,
dark skin,
elbow gloves,
english,
eyes closed,
eyes_closed,
facial hair,
fangs,
female,
fingerless gloves,
firearm,
fishnet legwear,
fishnets,
flower,
forehead protector,
fur,
gauntlets,
gender:female,
gender:male,
gloves,
goggles,
goggles on head,
green clothing,
green_clothing,
group,
gun,
hair,
hand on another's head,
hand on head,
hand_on_head,
headband,
holding flower,
holding gun,
holding object,
holding sword,
holding weapon,
holding_flower,
holding_gun,
holding_object,
holding_sword,
holding_weapon,
jacket,
large male,
lifestream,
lips,
looking at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
male,
medium:english,
medium:image,
medium:no audio,
medium:video,
medium:video game,
melee weapon,
melee_weapon,
meta:commentary,
meta:english commentary,
meta:photoshop (medium),
meta:tagme,
multiple boys,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
multiple males,
multiple others,
open mouth,
open_mouth,
over shoulder,
plant,
point of view,
polearm,
pov,
ranged weapon,
ranged_weapon,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
red clothing,
red jacket,
red_clothing,
series:final fantasy,
series:final fantasy vii,
series:square enix,
shirt,
shoulder guard,
shoulder_guard,
shuriken,
single gauntlet,
sitting,
size difference,
size_difference,
sleeveless,
sleeveless turtleneck,
smile,
spear,
species:felid,
species:feline,
species:human,
species:mammal,
spiked hair,
spiky hair,
studio:square enix,
subreddit:imaginarygaming,
subreddit:imfandoms,
sunlight,
suspenders,
sweater,
sword,
tank top,
title:vii,
title:vii by drake tsui,
tongue,
turtleneck,
turtleneck sweater,
uploader:net-diver,
video games,
video_games,
weapon,
weapon over shoulder,
weapon:spear,
whiskers,
white body,
white fur,
white_body,
white_fur,