3d (artwork),
4 toes,
2016,
abs,
action:looking at viewer,
action:open mouth,
action:standing upright,
angry,
animal humanoid,
art:portrait,
biceps,
big muscles,
blood,
blood on hand,
blood on mouth,
bodily fluids,
bodypart:abs,
bodypart:grey fur,
bodypart:grey hair,
bodypart:hair,
bodypart:muscles,
bodypart:orange eyes,
bodypart:pubic hair,
bodypart:teeth,
bodypart:toes,
booru:e621,
category:ine,
claws,
creator:takayuki tsujimoto,
digitigrade,
emotion:anger,
feet,
fighting pose,
fighting stance,
front view,
full-length portrait,
fur,
gender:male,
grey body,
grey fur,
grey hair,
guro,
hair,
hand,
humanoid,
looking at viewer,
male,
male:1,
medium:3d rendering,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:digital 3d,
medium:digital media,
medium:high resolution,
medium:simple background,
meta:3d (artwork),
meta:4:5,
meta:2016,
meta:absurd res,
meta:digital media (artwork),
meta:full-length portrait,
meta:hi res,
meta:portrait,
meta:tagme,
monster,
muscles,
muscular,
muscular humanoid,
muscular male,
naturally censored,
nude,
open mouth,
orange eyes,
pecs,
portrait,
pose,
pov,
pubes,
pubic hair,
rating:explicit,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
scarly,
sharp claws,
sharp teeth,
simple background,
solo,
source:e621,
species:animal humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:canis,
species:humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
species:mythical,
species:were,
species:werecanid,
species:werecanine,
species:werewolf,
species:wolf,
species:wolf humanoid,
standing,
subreddit:imaginarywerewolves,
subreddit:immonsters,
takayuki tsujimoto,
teeth,
title:creature concept art,
title:werewolf - concept art - takayuki tsujimoto,
toe claws,
toes,
uploader:nikephoros_ii_phokas,
vein,
website:e621,
were,
werewolf,
wolf humanoid,
year:2016,