6+ females,
6+ males,
6+boys,
6+girls,
albus dumbledore,
artist:kapirusu,
bill weasley,
black hair,
blonde hair,
blue eyes,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
category:ine,
character:aberforth dumbledore,
character:albus dumbledore,
character:alicia spinnet,
character:angelina johnson,
character:anthony goldstein,
character:arthur weasley,
character:bill weasley,
character:cedric diggory,
character:charlie weasley,
character:cho chang,
character:colin creevey,
character:dean thomas,
character:dennis creevey,
character:draco malfoy,
character:ernie macmillan,
character:filius flitwick,
character:fleur delacour,
character:fred weasley,
character:george weasley,
character:ginny weasley,
character:hannah abbott,
character:harry james potter,
character:hermione granger,
character:horace slughorn,
character:james potter,
character:justin finch-fletchley,
character:katie bell,
character:kingsley shacklebolt,
character:lavender brown,
character:lee jordan,
character:lily evans,
character:luna lovegood,
character:michael corner,
character:minerva mcgonagall,
character:molly weasley,
character:neville longbottom,
character:nymphadora tonks,
character:oliver wood,
character:padma patil,
character:parvati patil,
character:percy weasley,
character:pomona sprout,
character:poppy pomfrey,
character:remus john lupin,
character:ron weasley,
character:rubeus hagrid,
character:seamus finnigan,
character:severus snape,
character:sirius black,
character:susan bones,
character:sybill trelawney,
character:terry boot,
charlie weasley,
clothing:eyewear,
clothing:glasses,
clothing:hair clip,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hat,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:necktie,
clothing:school uniform,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:uniform,
color:black,
copyright:harry potter,
creator:kapirusu,
dean thomas,
draco malfoy,
ernie macmillan,
eyewear,
fanart,
fanart from pixiv,
fleur delacour,
fred weasley,
gender:female,
gender:male,
george weasley,
ginny weasley,
glasses,
green eyes,
hair ornament,
hairclip,
harry potter,
harry potter (character),
hat,
hermione granger,
james potter,
lee jordan,
lily evans,
long hair,
luna lovegood,
medium:high resolution,
meta:annotated,
meta:highres,
meta:md5 mismatch,
minerva mcgonagall,
multiple boys,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
multiple males,
necktie,
neville longbottom,
nymphadora tonks,
padma patil,
parvati patil,
percy weasley,
pixiv,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
red eyes,
remus lupin,
ron weasley,
rubeus hagrid,
school uniform,
seamus finnigan,
sepia harusame,
sepia_harusame,
series:harry potter,
severus snape,
siblings,
sirius black,
site:zerochan anime image board,
skirt,
subreddit:imaginaryhogwarts,
subreddit:imfandoms,
title:amazing anime-style cast by dariyuphie,
twins,
uniform,
uploader:monka3000,
wand,
weasley family,
weasley twins,
witch hat,