1 female,
1girl,
alternate appearance,
backpack,
bag,
beret,
boat,
booru:yande.re,
boots,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
building,
cardigan,
category:ine,
cellphone,
character:gen 3 pokemon,
character:gen 4 pokemon,
character:gen 8 pokemon,
character:gloria (pokemon),
character:pokemon character,
character:pokemon species,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
character:rookidee,
character:rotom,
character:rotom phone,
character:scorbunny,
character:wingull,
character:yamper,
character:yuri (pokemon),
character:yuuri (pokemon),
clothing:boots,
clothing:cardigan,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:shoulder bag,
clothing:skirt,
cloud,
creator:swav,
creator:swav-coco,
day,
dock,
female,
flock,
footwear,
gen 3 pokemon,
gen 4 pokemon,
gen 8 pokemon,
gen 8 pokémon,
gender:female,
harbor,
hat,
landscape,
looking afar,
medium:high resolution,
meta:commentary request,
meta:highres,
multiple others,
ocean,
outdoors,
outside,
phone,
pier,
pokemon 1000 users bookmark,
pokemon 5000 users bookmark,
pokemon (creature),
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
rotom phone,
sailboat,
series:creatures (company),
series:game freak,
series:nintendo,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sword & shield,
series:pokemon sword and shield,
series:pokemon swsh,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sword and shield,
short hair,
shoulder bag,
skirt,
sky,
species:monster,
species:pokémon,
species:rotom,
species:scorbunny,
species:wingull,
spire,
stadium,
starter pokemon,
studio:creatures (company),
studio:creatures inc.,
studio:game freak,
studio:nintendo,
subreddit:imaginarykanto,
subreddit:imfandoms,
tam o' shanter,
title:bc,
title:hulbury city by swav,
uploader:apparitions_,
vehicle,
water,
watercraft,
wide shot,
ここに行きたい,
キャモメ,
バウタウン,
ヒバニー,
ポケットモンスター,
ポケモン,
ポケモン5000users入り,
ポケモン剣盾,
ユウリ(トレーナー),
風景,