1 female,
1girl,
alternate costume,
alternate hairstyle,
alternative costume,
alternative hairstyle,
black footwear,
black hair,
black legwear,
black sclera,
black shirt,
black skirt,
black umbrella,
booru:danbooru,
booru:danbooru-safebooru,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
boots,
category:ine,
character:dark persona,
character:neo (rwby),
character:neo politan,
character:neopolitan,
clothing,
clothing:black footwear,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:black shirt,
clothing:black skirt,
clothing:boots,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:puffy sleeves,
clothing:red gloves,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:thigh boots,
clothing:thigh-highs,
colored sclera,
commentary,
creator:dishwasher1910,
dark persona,
english commentary,
face mask,
female,
female only,
female solo,
finger to mouth,
footwear,
full body,
gender:female,
gloves,
gradient hair,
grey hair,
grimmverse,
hands up,
head tilt,
heterochromia,
highres,
holding,
holding object,
holding umbrella,
index finger raised,
legwear,
long hair,
long sleeves,
mask,
medium:high resolution,
medium:red background,
medium:simple background,
medium:two-tone background,
medium:watermark,
medium:web address,
medium:white background,
meta:commentary,
meta:english commentary,
meta:highres,
meta:watermark,
mismatched sclera,
mouth mask,
multicolored hair,
neo politan,
neo_politan,
off shoulder,
off-shoulder,
off-shoulder shirt,
page:1,
pink eyes,
puffy long sleeves,
puffy sleeves,
rating:general,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
red background,
red eyes,
red gloves,
rwby,
rwby1000users入り,
rwbyroosterteeth,
series:rwby,
shirt,
shushing,
skirt,
solo,
standing,
subreddit:imaginarymonstergirls,
subreddit:immonsters,
thigh boots,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
tied hair,
title:grimm neo,
title:grimm neo by bach do,
twintails,
two tone hair,
two-tone background,
two-tone hair,
umbrella,
uploader:net-diver,
veins,
watermark,
web address,
white background,
white hair,
ネオ・ポリタン,
赤と黒,