16:10,
amumu (lol),
anthro,
anthropomorphism,
anubian jackal,
apode,
armadillo,
armor,
artist:quirkilicious,
athletic,
bird,
black hair,
black_hair,
blue clothing,
blue_clothing,
boots,
bottomwear,
breasts,
brown body,
brown fur,
brown_body,
brown_fur,
canid,
canis,
category:ine,
chain,
character:amumu (league of legends),
character:amumu (lol),
character:amumu_(lol),
character:azir (lol),
character:azir_(lol),
character:cassiopeia (lol),
character:cassiopeia du couteau, the serpent's embrace,
character:cassiopeia_(lol),
character:ezreal (lol),
character:ezreal_(lol),
character:kha'zix (lol),
character:kha'zix_(lol),
character:nasus (league of legends),
character:nasus (lol),
character:nasus_(lol),
character:rammus,
character:rammus (lol),
character:rammus_(lol),
character:renekton,
character:renekton (lol),
character:renekton_(lol),
character:sivir (lol),
character:sivir, the battle mistress,
character:sivir_(lol),
character:skarner (lol),
character:skarner_(lol),
character:xerath (lol),
character:xerath_(lol),
claws,
cleavage,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:armor,
clothing:boots,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:pants,
copyright:european_mythology,
copyright:greek_mythology,
copyright:league_of_legends,
copyright:mythology,
copyright:riot_games,
creator:quirkilicious,
energy being,
european mythology,
exoskeleton,
eyewear on head,
eyewear_on_head,
ezreal (lol),
feathers,
female,
fight,
footwear,
fur,
furry,
gauntlets,
gender:female,
gender:male,
gloves,
glowing,
glowing eyes,
glowing_eyes,
gorgon,
greaves,
green body,
green scales,
green_body,
green_scales,
grey body,
grey feathers,
grey_body,
grey_feathers,
group,
hair,
handwear,
headdress,
headgear,
kha'zix (lol),
legless,
legwear,
male,
mammal,
medium:16:10 aspect ratio,
meta:16:10,
meta:tagme,
meta:widescreen,
midriff,
monster,
mummy,
muscular,
muscular male,
muscular_male,
nasus (lol),
pants,
pincers,
raised arm,
raised_arm,
rating:safe,
sand,
scales,
scorpion,
series:european mythology,
series:greek mythology,
series:league of legends,
series:mythology,
series:riot games,
serpentine,
shoulder guards,
shoulder_guards,
sivir (lol),
size difference,
size_difference,
skarner (lol),
species:anubian jackal,
species:anubian_jackal,
species:arachnid,
species:armadillo,
species:arthropod,
species:avian,
species:bird,
species:canid,
species:canine,
species:canis,
species:crocodilian,
species:draconcopode,
species:energy being,
species:energy_being,
species:gorgon,
species:human,
species:jackal,
species:lamia,
species:mammal,
species:primate,
species:reptile,
species:scalie,
species:scorpion,
species:snake,
species:undead,
species:xenarthran,
split form,
split_form,
staff,
studio:riot games,
subreddit:imaginarybattlefields,
subreddit:imlandscapes,
title:ascension,
title:ascension by drake tsui,
uploader:myrandall,
video games,
video_games,
weapon,
wings,
xenarthran,
xerath (lol),