6+ females,
6+ males,
6+boys,
6+girls,
aeolus espada,
artist name,
ball,
ballroom,
bikini,
bikini top,
bikini top only,
black dress,
black hair,
black-haired girl (wlop),
blurry,
body chain,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
bracelet,
brown hair,
bug,
butterfly,
cape,
category:ine,
character:aeolian,
character:black-haired girl (wlop),
character:princess aeolian,
character:princess yan,
character:yan haiqin,
clothing:bikini,
clothing:bikini top,
clothing:black dress,
clothing:bracelet,
clothing:cape,
clothing:dress,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:necklace,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:sleeveless dress,
clothing:sleeveless outfit,
clothing:swimsuit,
clothing:white dress,
creator:wlop,
crowd,
dance,
dancing,
dark skin,
depth of field,
dress,
ears,
elf,
exposed shoulders,
fantasy,
faux traditional media,
female,
formal,
gender:female,
gender:male,
genre:fantasy,
ghostblade,
gold trim,
gown,
grey hair,
group,
hair ornament,
headdress,
highres,
holding,
holding clothes,
holding object,
indoors,
insect,
jewelry,
long hair,
long skirt,
male,
medium:16:9 aspect ratio,
medium:artist name,
medium:depth of field,
medium:faux traditional media,
medium:high resolution,
medium:realistic,
medium:watermark,
meta:artist name,
meta:character request,
meta:commentary,
meta:english commentary,
meta:highres,
midriff,
multiple boys,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
multiple males,
necklace,
one arm up,
original 10000 users bookmark,
pendant,
pixiv work:70624207,
pointed ears,
pointy ears,
ponytail,
rating:mature,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
realistic,
series:ghostblade,
series:original,
series:rockman zx advent,
shirt,
short hair,
silver hair,
site:pixiv,
skirt,
sleeveless,
sleeveless dress,
species:arthropod,
species:elf,
species:insect,
studio:bug,
studio:butterfly,
swimsuit,
swimwear,
tied hair,
title:ball,
watermark,
white dress,
yan haiqin,
ボディチェーン,
海琴烟,
社交,