1 female
1 male
1boy
1girl
1girls
5 fingers
adapted costume
alternate costume
alternative costume
alx
areola
areolae
artist name
balls
bare legs
belly
big balls
big breasts
big penis
big testicles
blob
blonde hair
blush
blushing
bodily fluids
booru:sankaku
bottoms down
bracelet
bracelets
breast grab
breasts
breasts out
breasts out of clothes
breasts outside
brown eyes
cartoon
category:ine
character:blob (x-men)
character:cyclops
character:cyclops (character)
character:cyclops (marvel)
character:cyclops (x-men)
character:dark phoenix
character:fred dukes
character:jean grey
character:jean grey-summers
character:phoenix (marvel)
character:phoenix (x-men)
character:scott summers
character:the blob
chat log
cheating
cheating girlfriend
clothed
clothes
clothing
clothing:bracelet
clothing:legwear
clothing:necklace
clothing:panties
clothing:pants
clothing:pink panties
clothing:shirt
clothing:skirt
clothing:underwear
cockhold
colored
colored nails
comics
costume
covered navel
cowboy shot
creator:alx
creator:alx (fuckit)
creator:fuckit
creator:fuckit (artist)
creator:nudity
cuckold
cum
cum drip
cum everywhere
cum on body
cum on leg
cum on lower body
cumming
curvaceous
cyclops
dripping semen
ejaculation
english
erection
evolution
excessive cum
exposed breasts
eyebrows
eyebrows visible through hair
eyelashes
eyeliner
eyeshadow
female
fuckit
functionally nude
gender:female
gender:male
genital fluids
genitalia
genre:ntr
grabbing
gray
green eyes
groping
guro
hand on penis
handjob
hips
holding penis
homo superior
huge balls
huge cock
huge penis
huge testicles
humanoid
hyper
hyper balls
hyper penis
hyper testicles
indoors
inside
jean
jean grey
jewelry
language:english
large balls
large breasts
large penis
large testicles
larger male
legs
light skin
light-skinned
light-skinned female
light-skinned male
lips
lipstick
locker
lockers
long hair
looking at another
looking at each other
makeup
male
male on female
marvel
mascara
medium:artist name
medium:cartoon
medium:character name
medium:cowboy shot
medium:english
medium:english text
medium:high resolution
medium:patreon
medium:patreon username
medium:poster
medium:signature
medium:speech bubble
medium:text
medium:uncensored
medium:watermark
medium:web address
meta:artist name
meta:color
meta:colored
meta:english
meta:english text
meta:nsfw
meta:text
meta:uncensored
meta:url
meta:web address
midriff
misc
mohawk
monster cock
mutant
nail polish
navel
necklace
netorare
nipple tweak
nipples
no bra
no humans
not furry
ntr
nude
nude female
nude male
nudity
one-eyed
open clothes
open eyes
open shirt
orgasm
painted nails
panties
panties around ankles
panties around leg
panties around one leg
panties down
pants
pants down
pantsu
partially clothed
patreon username
penis
penis grab
penis out
penis sexual fluids
phoenix force
pink panties
pink underwear
poster
poster (object)
pubic hair
r-18
rating:contains female nudity
rating:contains male nudity
rating:e
rating:explicit
rating:mature
rating:nudity
rating:sexual content
red hair
red nails
redhead
round ears
school
semen
semen on body
semen on legs
semen on lower body
semen on thighs
series:marvel
series:marvel comics
series:patreon
series:x-men
series:x-men evolution
series:x-men: evolution
series:x-men:evolution
sex
shirt
short hair
signature
size difference
skirt
small penis humiliation
smaller female
smile
smiling
solo
species:human
species:humanoid
species:mammal
standing
stomach
straight
studio:marvel
studio:marvel comics
subreddit:imaginaryboners
subreddit:imnsfw
subreddit:superheroinesdefeated
subreddit:superheroporn
superhero
superheroine
teeth
testicles
text
texting
the blob
thighs
title:this is her revenge about the emma frost cheating
title:x-men-evo_2017_001
unbirth
underwear
uploader:white_fox2
wet
x-men
x-men evolution