1 female,
1girl,
2 males,
2boys,
10s,
:3,
airport,
alternate universe,
artist:chocogrotto,
baby carrier,
babywearing,
bare shoulders,
baseball cap,
bent over,
black bra,
black underwear,
blush,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
bra,
brown hair,
bubble,
buttons,
capri pants,
chair,
character:blue (pokemon),
character:blue oak,
character:blue oak (sm),
character:gen 1 pokemon,
character:green (pokemon),
character:ookido green,
character:ookido green (sm),
character:pikachu,
character:pokemon (creature),
character:pokemon character,
character:pokemon species,
character:protagonist (pokemon),
character:red (pokemon sm),
character:red (pokemon),
character:red (pokemon) (sm),
chocogrotto,
closed eyes,
clothing,
clothing:baseball cap,
clothing:black underwear,
clothing:bra,
clothing:crop top,
clothing:hat,
clothing:headwear,
clothing:jeans,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:lingerie,
clothing:pants,
clothing:raglan sleeves,
clothing:underwear,
commentary,
copyright:pokemon sm,
creator:chocogrotto,
crop top,
denim,
exhausted,
eyes closed,
face::3,
female,
gen 1 pokemon,
gender:female,
gender:male,
green pants,
hat,
indoors,
jeans,
lingerie,
long hair,
male,
medium:2010s,
medium:photo,
medium:photo background,
medium:photograph,
messy hair,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad twitter id,
meta:commentary,
midriff,
multiple boys,
multiple males,
navel,
nose bubble,
older,
ookido green (sm),
orange eyes,
orange hair,
pants,
photo,
photo background,
poke ball,
pokemon (creature),
poké ball,
raglan sleeves,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
red (pokemon) (sm),
rolling suitcase,
sarong,
series:pokemon,
series:pokemon (game),
series:pokemon sm,
series:pokemon sun & moon,
series:pokémon,
series:pokémon sun & moon,
short hair,
sleep bubble,
sleeping,
sleeping upright,
species:monster,
species:pikachu,
species:pokemon,
species:pokémon,
spiked hair,
spiky hair,
stomach,
studio:airport,
studio:nintendo,
subreddit:imaginarykanto,
subreddit:imfandoms,
suitcase,
sun hat,
tired,
title:long flight by chocogrotto on twitter,
underwear,
uploader:pardusco,
what if,
window,