1 female,
1 male,
animal ears,
animal humanoid,
artist:bbc-chan,
bbc chan,
bnfworld,
breast squish,
breast_squish,
breasts,
bunny and fox world,
canid,
canid humanoid,
canine,
canine humanoid,
canis,
category:ine,
character:cupid,
character:wyatt (goozie),
character:wyatt_(goozie),
character:xareni (spicedrum),
character:xareni_(spicedrum),
closed eyes,
clothed,
clothing,
clothing:tagme,
copyright:bunny_and_fox_world,
coyote,
coyote humanoid,
creator:bbc-chan,
dark skin,
digital drawing (artwork),
duo,
ears,
eyes closed,
eyes_closed,
felid,
felid humanoid,
feline,
feline humanoid,
female,
french kiss,
french kissing,
french_kissing,
fur,
gender:female,
gender:male,
guro,
hair,
hentai-foundry,
hetero,
hi res,
humanoid,
kiss,
kissing,
leopardus,
male,
male on female,
male/female,
mammal,
markings,
medium:2d art,
medium:digital media,
medium:high resolution,
meta:2:3,
meta:hi res,
meta:hi_res,
meta:nsfw,
my art,
neko shoujo & kemonomimi,
nude,
ocelot,
ocelot humanoid,
open mouth,
open mouth kissing,
open_mouth,
original,
rating:contains female nudity,
rating:contains male nudity,
rating:explicit,
rating:mature,
rating:questionable,
rating:sexual content,
series:bunny and fox world,
site:hentai-foundry.com,
skimpy,
source:hentai-foundry,
species:animal humanoid,
species:animal_humanoid,
species:canid,
species:canid humanoid,
species:canid_humanoid,
species:canine,
species:canine humanoid,
species:canine_humanoid,
species:canis,
species:coyote,
species:coyote humanoid,
species:coyote_humanoid,
species:felid,
species:felid humanoid,
species:felid_humanoid,
species:feline,
species:feline humanoid,
species:feline_humanoid,
species:humanoid,
species:leopardus,
species:leopardus humanoid,
species:leopardus_humanoid,
species:mammal,
species:mammal humanoid,
species:mammal_humanoid,
species:ocelot,
species:ocelot humanoid,
species:ocelot_humanoid,
spots,
squish,
straight,
subreddit:imaginarylovers,
subreddit:imcharacters,
title:xareni & wyatt,
title:xareni &amp; wyatt by bbc-chan,
tongue,
uploader:lol33ta,
whisker markings,
whisker_markings,
wyatt,
wyatt (goozie),
xareni,
xareni (spicedrum),
yellow eyes,
yellow_eyes,