2females,
2girls,
artist name,
artist website,
artist_name,
artist_signature,
artist_website,
asymmetrical bangs,
asymmetrical gloves,
asymmetrical hair,
backless_dress,
backless_outfit,
bangs,
bare_shoulders,
between breasts,
between_breasts,
blue eyes,
blue_eyes,
boobs,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
bracelet,
breast grab,
breast press,
breasts,
breasts grab,
breasts to breasts,
breasts together,
breasts touching,
breasts_grab,
breasts_to_breasts,
breasts_together,
breasts_touching,
brown hair,
brown_hair,
category:ine,
character:jessica rabbit,
character:pauline (mario),
characteristic connection,
cleavage,
collarbone,
colored nails,
creator:olchas,
crossover,
curtains,
digital,
donkeykong,
dress,
duo,
earrings,
eastern_and_western_character,
elbow gloves,
elbow_gloves,
enormous breasts,
enormous_breasts,
eyebrows,
eyelashes,
eyeliner,
eyeshadow,
fanart,
female,
fingernail polish,
fingernail_polish,
fingernails,
flag for deletion,
genre:crossover,
gloves,
gold (metal),
gold bracelet,
gold earrings,
gold jewelry,
gold_(metal),
gold_bracelet,
gold_earrings,
gold_jewelry,
grabbing,
grabbing own breasts,
grabbing_own_breasts,
green eyes,
green_eyes,
groping,
hair over one eye,
hair_over_one_eye,
hi_res,
high_resolution,
highres,
holding breasts,
holding_breasts,
hot,
huge breasts,
huge lips,
huge_breasts,
huge_lips,
jessica_rabbit,
jessicarabbit,
jessicarabbitfanart,
jessicarabbitpinup,
jessicarabbitsexy,
jewelry,
large breasts,
lips,
lipstick,
long gloves,
long hair,
long_gloves,
long_hair,
looking at viewer,
looking_at_viewer,
makeup,
mario,
mario_(series),
mascara,
massive breasts,
massive_breasts,
medium:artist name,
medium:fanart from deviantart,
medium:realistic,
medium:text,
meta:anonymous,
meta:artist signature,
meta:crossover,
meta:hi res,
meta:high resolution,
meta:highres,
meta:paid reward available,
meta:patreon,
meta:patreon username,
meta:potential duplicate,
meta:url,
mic check,
mic_check,
microphone,
microphone stand,
microphone_stand,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
multiple_females,
multiple_girls,
nail polish,
nail_polish,
nintendo,
nsfw,
nsfwartist,
nsfwfanart,
nsfwfanartist,
nsfwpatreon,
nsfwpatreonartist,
olchas,
one eye covered,
one_eye_covered,
open mouth,
open_mouth,
paid reward available,
paid_reward_available,
parted lips,
parted_lips,
patreon,
patreon username,
patreon_reward,
patreon_username,
patreonartist,
patreoncampaign,
patreonnsfw,
patreonreward,
patreonsupport,
patreonsupported,
pauline,
paulinedonkeykong,
paulinefanart,
paulinemario,
paulinenintendo,
paulineodyssey,
paulinesupermario,
peek-a-boo bang,
piercing,
purple elbow gloves,
purple gloves,
purple handwear,
purple_elbow_gloves,
purple_gloves,
rating:adult,
rating:explicit,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:sensitive,
red dress,
red eyeshadow,
red hair,
red lips,
red lipstick,
red nail polish,
red nails,
red_eyeshadow,
red_lips,
red_lipstick,
red_nail_polish,
red_nails,
reddress,
redhair,
redhead,
seductive,
seductive eyes,
seductive look,
seductive mouth,
seductive smile,
seductive_eyes,
seductive_look,
seductive_mouth,
seductive_smile,
series:donkey kong,
series:donkey kong (game),
series:donkey kong (series),
series:mario (series),
series:nintendo,
series:super mario bros.,
series:super mario odyssey,
series:who framed roger rabbit,
sexy,
shiny breasts,
shiny eyes,
shiny face,
shiny hair,
shiny lips,
shiny skin,
shiny_breasts,
shiny_eyes,
shiny_face,
shiny_hair,
shiny_lips,
shiny_skin,
side bangs,
signature,
single earring,
single glove,
smile,
smiling at viewer,
smiling_at_viewer,
smoke,
sparkling_dress,
sparkly_dress,
stage,
straight hair,
straight_hair,
subreddit:imaginaryboners,
subreddit:imnsfw,
super_mario_odyssey,
thick lips,
thick_lips,
title:pauline and jessica rabbit by olchas,
title:pauline x jessica rabbit,
uploader:ero-tama,
upper body,
upper_body,
url,
voluptuous,
wavy hair,
wavy_hair,
who_framed_roger_rabbit,
yuri,
yuricouple,
yurilesbian,