1 female,
1 male,
1boy,
1girl,
aqua eyes,
arm behind head,
armor,
armwear,
asymmetrical clothes,
asymmetrical hair,
black hair,
black shirt,
blonde,
blonde hair,
blue eyes,
blush,
booru:safebooru,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
bouquet,
category:ine,
character:bouquet,
character:cloud strife,
character:rose,
character:tifa lockhart,
clothing:armor,
clothing:asymmetrical design,
clothing:black shirt,
clothing:earrings,
clothing:elbow gloves,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:hair clip,
clothing:hair ornament,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:hairclip,
clothing:jewelry,
clothing:necklace,
clothing:shirt,
clothing:sleeveless outfit,
clothing:suspenders,
clothing:sweater,
clothing:turtleneck sweater,
clothing:white shirt,
couple,
creator:dishwasher1910,
creator:rose,
dog tags,
earrings,
elbow gloves,
embarrassed,
female,
flower,
gauntlets,
gender bender,
gender swap,
gender:female,
gender:male,
genderswap,
genderswap (ftm),
genderswap (mtf),
genre:genderswap,
genre:genderswap (ftm),
genre:genderswap (mtf),
gloves,
hair ornament,
hairclip,
hand on head,
highres,
holding,
holding object,
jewelry,
long hair,
male,
medium:high resolution,
medium:image,
medium:no audio,
medium:simple background,
medium:video,
medium:white background,
meta:commentary,
meta:english commentary,
meta:highres,
necklace,
pauldron,
piercing,
ponytail,
rating:general,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
rating:sensitive,
red eyes,
rose,
series:final fantasy,
series:final fantasy vii,
series:final fantasy vii remake,
series:square enix,
shirt,
short hair,
shoulder armor,
simple background,
sleeveless,
sleeveless turtleneck,
spiked hair,
spiky hair,
studio:square enix,
subreddit:imaginarygaming,
subreddit:imaginarylovers,
subreddit:imcharacters,
subreddit:imfandoms,
suspenders,
sweater,
tied hair,
title:flowers,
title:flowers by bach do,
transformation,
turtleneck,
turtleneck sweater,
uploader:net-diver,
white background,
white shirt,