1girl
1girls
animal ears
areola
areolae
artist name
artist:personalami
asleep
ass
backlighting
big ass
big butt
big_ass
big_butt
blush
booru:sankaku
breasts
butt
character:losse (personal ami)
character:losse (personalami)
character:losse_(personalami)
closed eyes
completely nude
creator:personal ami
creator:personalami
english commentary
eyebrows
female
female only
female solo
female_only
fetal position
flag for deletion
fox ears
fox girl
fox tail
fox_girl
freckles
genitals
high resolution
kemonomimi
kitsunemimi
legs together
lips
long hair
losse
losse (personal ami)
losse_(personalami)
lying
medium:ambiguous background
medium:backlighting
medium:high resolution
meta:anonymous
meta:commentary
meta:english commentary
meta:hi res
meta:hi_res
meta:highres
meta:uncensored
neko shoujo & kemonomimi
nipples
nose
nude
on side
original
personal ami original
personalami
pillow
pussy
pussy peek
rating:adult
rating:contains female nudity
rating:e
rating:explicit
rating:nudity
rating:questionable
rating:sexual content
series:original
site:rule34
sleeping
small breasts
solo
species:animal humanoid
species:animal_humanoid
species:canid
species:canid humanoid
species:canid_humanoid
species:canine
species:canine humanoid
species:canine_humanoid
species:cat humanoid
species:felid
species:felid humanoid
species:feline
species:feline humanoid
species:fox humanoid
species:fox_humanoid
species:humanoid
species:mammal
species:mammal humanoid
species:mammal_humanoid
subreddit:escapistporn
subreddit:imaginarymonstergirls
subreddit:immonsters
tail
thick eyebrows
thighs
title:losse by personalami (2021)
uncensored
uploader:prismatika_on_tumblr
vagina
vagina peek
white hair