2 females,
2girls,
a2,
adapted costume,
android,
armpits,
arms up,
armwear,
art,
artist name,
ass,
black gloves,
black legwear,
black panties,
black underwear,
blue eyes,
bob cut,
boots,
breast curtains,
breasts,
butt crack,
category:ine,
character:pod (nier automata),
character:pod (nier: automata),
character:pod (nier:automata),
character:yorha 2b,
character:yorha a2,
character:yorha no.2 type b,
character:yorha no. 2 type b,
character:yorha type a no.2,
character:yorha type a no. 2,
cleavage,
clothing:black gloves,
clothing:black legwear,
clothing:black panties,
clothing:black underwear,
clothing:boots,
clothing:elbow gloves,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:gloves,
clothing:highleg leotard,
clothing:legwear,
clothing:leotard,
clothing:panties,
clothing:thigh boots,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:thong,
clothing:underwear,
copyright:gantz,
cosplay,
covered navel,
creator:sakimi chan,
creator:sakimichan,
crossover,
duo,
dutch angle,
elbow gloves,
english commentary,
female,
female focus,
female only,
footwear,
from behind,
from:ehviewer,
gantz,
gantz (cosplay),
gantz suit,
gantzsuit,
gender:female,
gloves,
hair:white,
hairband,
heels,
highleg,
highleg leotard,
katana,
large breasts,
legwear,
leotard,
lips,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:artist name,
medium:cosplay,
medium:crossover,
medium:digital 2d,
medium:dutch angle,
medium:focus on female character,
medium:high resolution,
medium:image,
medium:patreon reward,
medium:realistic,
medium:signature,
medium:very high resolution,
meta:artist name,
meta:commentary,
meta:crossover,
meta:english commentary,
meta:pixiv-import,
meta:potential duplicate,
meta:signature,
mole,
mole under mouth,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
navel,
nier10000users入り,
nier:automata,
no bra,
official watermark,
open mouth,
outdoors,
outside,
page:1,
page:2,
painting,
panties,
pantsu,
parted lips,
patreon,
point of view,
pool:big boobs,
posterior cleavage,
rating:adult,
rating:mature,
rating:q,
rating:questionable,
rating:safe,
series:gantz,
series:nier,
series:nier (series),
series:nier automata,
series:nier: automata,
series:nier:automata,
shiny,
shiny clothes,
short hair,
sideboob,
signature,
silver hair,
site:420chan,
site:patreon,
site:yiff.party,
species:android,
species:robot,
stomach,
strap gap,
summary,
sword,
thigh boots,
thigh-highs,
thighhighs,
thong,
title:nier 2b a2 gantz crossover,
title:nier 2b a2 x gantz crossover,
title:term 80 jpg/psd/video summary,
title:term 80 jpg_psd_video summary,
title:term 80 summary .nsfw tag.,
toned,
underboob,
underwear,
weapon,
website:exhentai,
white hair,
yorha no.2 type b,
ニーアオートマタ,
ヨルハa型二号,
ヨルハ二号b型,
女,
女の子,
尻神様,