6+ females,
6+ males,
6+boys,
6+girls,
action:looking at viewer,
action:sitting,
action:smile,
alienation,
artist:ryouga (fm59),
bad id,
bangs,
bodypart:brown eyes,
bodypart:brown hair,
bodypart:hair bangs,
bodypart:long hair,
bodypart:short hair,
bodypart:thighs,
booru:sankaku channel,
booru:wallpaper abyss,
booru:yande.re,
bow,
brown eyes,
brown hair,
category:ine,
ceiling,
ceiling light,
chair,
chalkboard,
character:ryouga,
classroom,
clothes removed,
clothing:bow,
clothing:brown hair,
clothing:footwear,
clothing:hair tie,
clothing:knee-high legwear,
clothing:necktie,
clothing:red neckwear,
clothing:school uniform,
clothing:shoes,
clothing:skirt,
clothing:socks,
clothing:thigh-highs,
clothing:uniform,
clothing:uniforms,
clothing:zettai ryouiki,
commentary,
copyright:original,
creator:ryouga,
creator:ryouga (fm59),
curtains,
desk,
emotion:sadness,
expressionless,
female,
female:2+,
female:6+,
footwear,
gender:female,
gender:male,
group,
happy,
highres,
indoors,
kneehighs,
knees together,
knees up,
laughing,
leg hug,
light,
lonely,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
loudspeaker,
male,
male:1+,
medium:anime,
medium:high resolution,
medium:image,
medium:negative space,
medium:wallpaper,
meta:bad id,
meta:bad pixiv id,
meta:commentary,
meta:highres,
meta:original character,
meta:potential duplicate,
multiple boys,
multiple females,
multiple girls,
multiple males,
necktie,
negative space,
on ceiling,
paper,
ponytail,
pov,
rating:safe,
reaction:laughter,
red neckwear,
sad,
scenery,
school,
school desk,
school uniform,
seifuku,
series:original,
shoes,
shoes removed,
short hair,
sitting,
sitting in corner,
skirt,
slip-on shoes,
smile,
socks,
studio:ryouga,
subreddit:imaginaryfeels,
subreddit:immeta,
surreal,
swept bangs,
symbolism,
table,
tagme,
talking,
thighhighs,
thighs,
tied hair,
title:alone by 稜.,
title:feeling of alienation by 稜,
type:deleteme,
type:useless filename tags,
uniform,
uploader:[deleted],
uploader:ghostofthefallen,
upside down,
upside-down,
uwabaki,
wallpaper,
window,
zettai ryouiki,