1 female,
1girl,
1girls,
adjusting clothes,
alternate costume,
alternative costume,
armlet,
artist name,
big breasts,
big_breasts,
black hair,
blurry,
blurry background,
bodypart:black hair,
bodypart:breasts,
bodypart:long hair,
bodypart:navel,
booru:sankaku,
booru:sankaku channel,
bracelet,
breasts,
category:ine,
character:tifa lockhart,
cleavage,
clothing:alternate costume,
clothing:cleavage,
clothing:dress,
clothing:lingerie,
clothing:neck ribbon,
clothing:ribbon,
clothing:thigh strap,
covered navel,
creator:liang xing,
creator:liang xing - 星星梁,
creator:liangxing719,
creator:星星梁,
curtains,
dress,
earrings,
female,
female only,
female_only,
ff7,
ff1000users入り,
final fantasy,
final fantasy vii,
final fantasy vii remake,
final_fantasy,
final_fantasy_vii,
flag for deletion,
gender:female,
gender:male,
group:jewelry,
guro,
high resolution,
jewelry,
large breasts,
large_breasts,
leaning,
leaning forward,
liang xing,
liang_xing,
lingerie,
long hair,
looking at viewer,
medium:absurd resolution,
medium:artist name,
medium:blurry background,
medium:high resolution,
medium:image,
medium:no audio,
medium:patreon username,
medium:realistic,
medium:signature,
medium:very high resolution,
medium:video,
medium:watermark,
medium:web address,
meta:artist name,
meta:highres,
meta:paid reward,
meta:patreon reward,
meta:patreon username,
meta:photoshop (medium),
meta:safe,
meta:signature,
meta:watermark,
navel,
neck ribbon,
patreon username,
point of view,
pov,
purple dress,
purple lingerie,
purple_lingerie,
rating:explicit,
rating:questionable,
rating:s,
rating:safe,
ribbon,
series:final fantasy,
series:final fantasy vii,
series:final fantasy vii remake,
series:square enix,
signature,
site:patreon,
site:rule34,
smile,
solo,
stomach,
studio:square enix,
subreddit:imaginaryboners,
subreddit:imnsfw,
sunlight,
thigh strap,
tifa,
tifa lockhart,
tifa_lockhart,
title:tifa,
title:tifa by liang xing,
uploader:myrandall,
watermark,
web address,
ティファ・ロックハート,
ドレス,
梁星,